In the past, I would be like the minute
I had something that kind of like loaded
on your browser, like I wanted to charge
you, you know? It's like a dollar. I was
like, "Yes, I got a dollar." This time,
I'm like, "I don't want your money."
It's like, I want to know that you're
obsessed and that is so sticky and I'm
going to do everything at your company.
There's so many founders that they think
that they just because they built
something that they got it right. People
are delusional. People have $50 million
in revenue and they're delusional that
that product works. You know, this time
around, I really want to do it right. I
want to build something that people like
like throwing money at me and saying
like this is really there's nothing like
it. This is this is my journey now.
[Music]
We're really excited to share today's
episode of Training Data with you. Today
we have Alias Torres, someone we've
known for more than a decade across
three companies. We first met Alias when
he was busy rebuilding the core platform
for HubSpot many, many years ago. After
that, we got into business with him with
Drift, which was his second startup. And
then more recently, we got into business
with Elias on agency, his third startup.
Agency is in the midst of redefining
customer experience. And so today, we'll
hear a bit about what that means and
also how to build a company in a world
of AI. We hope you enjoy.
Alias, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you. I've been waiting this for
this moment my whole life.
>> I know you have. I know you have. uh you
know we had we had this wonderful script
all planned and then over the last few
minutes we got into some real hot takes.
Why don't we just start with the hot
takes? Tell us what's going on in the
world of AI.
>> I think that um everybody's asking for
AI. Everybody says they want it and when
you come and bring it to them, they just
reject it. You know, it's like the
messiah has arrived and everybody's like
no, we don't want it. And I I think it's
um it's a super interesting time, right?
because we have the best technology uh
mankind has ever created. Uh it is so
intelligent, it is so smart, it's so
capable, but yet uh people are like
demanding this level of perfection
>> uh when they're not even able to like
use a chat prompt to ask like a basic
question, right?
>> And so I think that we are completely
misunderstanding the technology and its
capabilities.
>> So it's an expectation mismatch, not not
necessarily a technological flaw. Well,
I think I think in in some ways um we're
used to preAI technology, right? That it
was able to look up a a string from a
database and it was a perfect lookup and
a perfect match. And so I think they're
used to that
>> level of perfection. And so when you
bring any possibility of of um a
different answer or a different
solution,
>> I think people are struggling with that
imperfection.
>> So we're used to narrow functionality,
perfect accuracy. All of a sudden, we
have broad functionality, imperfect
accuracy, and people are having a hard
time with that transition.
>> Yeah. I I think I see a lot of customers
being like half full, you know, half
empty.
>> Yeah.
>> I my approach to to AI is like if it's
doing 10% more than I wasn't doing
before, if it's doing 20%, 30%, I'm
extremely happy. Like I I don't have to
do that. It saved me time.
>> But other people, if it's like if it's
not 100% perfect, I rather have none.
>> Yeah. And and I think that's a very
dangerous take for people to take.
>> And and actually the example that comes
to mind is one that you've shared with
us before which is around how you manage
your own email.
>> Correct.
>> Do you care to share that example?
>> Which one? The one that I u So let me
see if I if I get this one right. So it
was agency right? Agency can like read
all my email and uh creates drafts and
automatically like I can reply to
everybody. So, usually what I'm doing is
when I'm demoing the product, I let I'm
like I open my entire inbox to the
customers right now. It's so it's like I
I really not to worry about it yet, I
guess. But, uh I'm like, "Oh, I just had
this meeting with this customer and we
had this thing and I'm going to send
this followup and I just I just hit the
send button, you know, and is this the
is this the example?" Yeah, because we
were we were talking about um how like
the email deluge is just untenable at
this point and like people spend hours
and hours a day managing their email or
at least a lot of people do and like the
AI product that I would love to pay for
is one that can just take care of my
email. We were having this conversation.
You're like
>> I don't spend any time managing my
email. I actually just let agency do it
for me.
>> Absolutely.
>> Which is not the point of agency, but
it's one of the things agency can do.
>> Yeah. And I think that's a that's a
that's a great example. I think that
narrows it, right? is that we generate
these emails for customers and
follow-ups. And the thing is that if
you're managing, if you're trying to
manage, you know, 500, you know,
pipeline and you're trying to
communicate to everybody, what's best
that you deliver two perfect emails or
that you send something to all 500
prospects, right?
>> Because they individually don't know how
much time you're spending on it, but
just that just say ping and like send
that email, right, to follow up. And so
what happens is with with my customers,
right, is like I'm sending this messages
and I kind of like almost don't I look
at it I might cringe sometimes but I
send it because partly is this I don't
know stage of my life maybe because I'm
old. I'm like I already know that I'm
never going to say anything perfect. So
if it goes out it goes out and like as
long as I you know it's it's going to be
fine. But the problem is I see customers
I watch them on on recordings, right, of
using the product for from a user
experience perspective and I'm like,
"Wow, this person just spent 20 minutes
and they really didn't edit the email."
Sometimes they're just changing the
salutation or like they didn't like how
it was too aggressive to say, "Here's my
calendar link." And they were like, "And
let me know times." And then they're
like 20 minutes later and the email gets
sent. And so I think that that's
fundamentally
why businesses can't scale today because
there's humans in the middle, you know,
to to add so much delay and and and
obstacles and slowdowns in in the in the
pursuit of delivering a customer
experience, you know.
>> So you're saying people are scared to
let AI take the wheel and they should
just let AI take the wheel? I
>> I think so. I think we need to choose
what really matters, you know, like kind
of oneway doors, two-way doors. We need
to say like is is this going to like we
need to also have a little bit more
leniency and forgiveness like if if an
email goes out you know that didn't say
exactly the right thing or hallucinated
I think we all should be a little bit
more forgiving and be like it's okay
don't worry and and remove that fear
from people. I think we both sides the
sending and the receiving needs to be a
little bit more um more chill.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to use that excuse next time I
say some crazy [__] that picks off that.
Sorry, it's the AI.
>> But isn't that what we do normally?
>> Yeah. We say crazy [__] and then it's
like like the guy that stole the hat
from the kid, you know, at at the US
Open. Yes, exactly.
>> First says some crazy [__] then he says
some other crazy [__] It's a he could
just throw an AI, too. Might as well,
you know.
>> Hold on. We might be sued by him right
now.
>> You didn't specify which guy, so I think
we're good. Um, normally on on Trading
Data, we don't really get into personal
stories, but I actually think your
personal story is pretty exceptional and
pretty unique and so could you maybe
just say a couple words about how your
childhood shaped the sort of
entrepreneur that you have become?
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think that I am an
engineer judge just for the sake of it.
I've written code before, but let's talk
about uh let's talk about the personal
stuff. Absolutely. I think uh I grew up
in um in Nicarawa in I would say what we
call a communist era right so very
little third world country you know I I
I still have a shock I go into people's
homes not that I go without like I do
like they invite me you know just make
sure I get confused we're not breaking
in I get conf we're not breaking in here
but uh then um I go in and like I open
the fridge and it's just like just full
of food Americans just like boxes and
boxes and snacks and and more. Every
every drawer you open if you came to my
house in Nicaragua,
everything was empty. Like the only
things that would be in there is like a
few pots and pans. Like I literally
remember this as a kid be like there's
absolutely nothing to eat. There would
be like, you know, just the food that
you were going to make for that meal
kind of thing. It's like it's like just
in time, you know, and so that's just
it's a lot of scarcity, right? And so
you grow up with um you know remember
telling my mother we'd be like I would
ask for things and one time my mom said
something like I would give you anything
I have anything I could if I'm not
giving it to you because I can't. So and
so I learned to ask like mom if you can
buy me this gift you know if you can't
buy me this. So it's just like a
completely different um uh world than
the world that we live in in a first
world country um America you know
greatest country in the world you know
it's so then uh but then it's like uh
and then how we're living today right
and a lot of people are like at least
the world that I'm living in today is
just like the extreme opposite of that.
>> Yeah. What was your first job
>> pre IBM? I mean, your actual first job
that you got paid any sort of money for
for doing any sort of work?
>> I think there's a competition. The one
that sounds better is the one I was like
cleaning the offices with my mother. Uh,
but at this we did both. I was working
at McDonald's and cleaning offices when
we first came to this country that that
I got paid. I was 17 years old.
>> And I remember you told me your mom had
a laptop and you became tech support and
this is how you got introduced to
technology. that that was uh that was
pre- United States. So, well, I I I came
I spent two years with my father. I
didn't grow up with my dad and uh he
bought this like computer. I don't know.
It's like, you know, people would bring
him stuff that I don't know where it
came from. Uh yeah, it was stolen. And
so, he would buy stuff and um and he
would just bring it home. And so, the
thing that caught my attention, I have a
half brother and and he just loved
fixing cars. And then my dad brought
this computer and my my half brother did
not look at it. I don't know if it was a
drawn by it or drawn the fact that my
brother wasn't using it and I just
started using word perk and and like
Lotus 123 in the 80s. I was like in
sixth, seventh grade. I did junior high
in LA. Uh and uh I just love like like
typing on that thing and trying to get
the printer to work. No internet, no
communication, no user group. I just me
in the garage is just trying to figure
this thing out.
>> Yeah. And then when I went back to
Nicaragua, my mother had a laptop. I
show up in Nicaragua in the 80s and my
mom has a laptop. She's she's a um a
professor. She's a you know, PhD, a
veterinarian at the university. And she
has a laptop. And I'm just like, why do
you have a lap? This is Nicaragua. And
and so I started helping her and being
like her tech support at the university.
>> Mostly I just broke the computer and
then I would take it to it to get it
fixed.
And then your first job
kind of post university was IBM. Is that
right?
>> Absolutely. Yeah.
>> And um we don't need to talk about IBM
necessarily, but tell me about the
moment that you met David Canel.
>> Yeah. I I think I I I worked at IBM with
an amazing group of people. I I'll say
that my first 1999, my first project at
IBM, I was building a chatbot that you
could look up look up people's phone
numbers. uh this called like blue pages
like instead of yellow pages at IBM
and I learned so much. I built so much.
It was an amazing thing but I just got
fed up. 400,000 people, you cannot make
a huge impact in that company. It's just
too political. Uh I imagine me and the
400,000 person organization. And so I
just kept trying to uh I kept making
connections in Boston and the tech in
the tech scene. It took me a long time.
Then I finally met David and um first I
never seen another another Hispanic
Latino in tech, you know, I was like,
"Okay, like I liked him. I I felt like I
trusted him more to join his startup
because a lot of people were asking me
to join their startups and I did not
know how to choose one. I chose him
because I just felt comfortable, you
know, I felt that he he understood me
and that I could trust him. And um and
the first thing he did is like he
offered me to take over his prior job at
some other company. And I was like
uh what what do you mean just be VP of
engineering at your company? But in the
end, I really decided to join him uh in
the in the in this company called
Lookery. It was my first tech startup
because I needed to try something
outside of uh of IBM.
>> Yeah. What was it like going from
400,000 people to 40 people or whatever?
>> No, it was like 10.
>> There you go.
>> Uh I was working I had a desk and I
lived in Lowel, Massachusetts. I had a
desk in my bedroom. So I would get up
and sit down and I would just work 24/7.
like it was like that that that stage of
my life was like three babies in diapers
uh working 24/7
uh just it was so exhausting like
literally I was like the main engineer
in the company and I had to build
everything so I went from building stuff
that nobody care nobody used at IBM and
they're like to like I was the sole
person responsible uh but it was it was
the best not I have many best times.
Sorry. It was the it was when I started
using AWS.
>> Ah,
>> and I started using the cloud and it was
mindboggling from like ordering and
buying blade servers and requesting
stuff through IBM, you know, procurement
systems to do anything to like pushing a
button S3 and ECS uh EC2 and it was like
I was just blown away that I could be
this one person orchestrating and
building everything without needing
anybody.
>> Yeah. So that was a huge unlock.
>> And then you guys started Performable.
So that was your first company that you
founded. Agency is your third company
that you founded. Um you guys started
Performable and after a few years joined
HubSpot, which is where we intersected.
>> Yeah.
>> And for people's benefit, um and I think
Brian and Dash would agree with this
characterization. HubSpot in the early
days had an amazing story and like an
okay product. And then you and David
joined with your team from performable.
And originally the mandate was to build
out a particular piece of the product,
but then you ended up with
responsibility for the whole thing and
rebuilt it from scratch and sort of the
second phase of HubSpot thanks to you
guys was great story, great product. Can
you say a couple words about what it was
like joining HubSpot and then sort of
how over the time you were there you you
managed not only to scale with the
organization but to kind of like
reinvent it in some ways.
>> To me professionally it was a big
breakout moment. you know, you go from
from tinkering with computers and we're
perfect and or like launching a few EC2
instances and and building a few web
apps to to really having to support
5,000 customers. I went from like 20
customers at performable to like 5,000
customers immediately.
And that was a shocker to me because
one, what I care more about is customer
experience, right? My customers at
Performable would text me and they would
say this is broken. And I would open my
computer, edit the code and say reload.
When you have 5,000 customers, you can't
do that. So I had to learn how to scale
in every sense of the word, right? We
had we had a huge urgency. We had major
major churn. Uh the product did not work
at all. Uh and the team did not function
either. So we had to like rebuild the
team, rebuild the product and rebuild
the trust with the customers, right?
That this product was going to actually
achieve, you know, uh what what it was
going to do and I also had to learn how
to scale myself as a leader and the most
important thing I would say that I
learned there was like hiring at scale.
>> I was going to ask you about that
actually because you I believe you hired
Andrew Bleki.
>> Yeah.
>> Um before he started Clavio. I believe
you hired Christopher O'Donnell. Yeah.
you know, before he went on to build
HubSpot CRM and and start a company of
his own. I believe he had a handful of
really exceptional hires. And it's not
obvious that a midstage marketing
software company in Boston would be able
to attract such great people. And so I'm
curious like what were you looking for
in people that you hired? And then maybe
what did you do to help them sort of
have such growth in their careers?
I think I think so many people are
exceptional and it's a combination of
giving them a chance and also role
modeling after them. Uh what what
becoming an outlier really really means
and so I I I would say like
am I as successful as I am because of
who I was so early or is because a lot
of people also shaped me along the way
to teach me what was possible, right?
and and made me want to go after and
accomplish those same things like just
like Brian and Dsh for example, right?
Yeah.
>> And so I think all these people uh
there's so many people there's there's
Whitney, there's Jared, current EVP at
HubSpot that is still there running the
the entire system.
>> I forgot about Whitney. Yeah, good
point.
>> There there's a few more, right?
Amazing. Not that I'm like keeping track
of them, but
it just it just makes me really proud
like to have people that I've been able
to influence their lives and their
careers, right? Uh, but it was it was
really um they were at the places where
I was. I was at a garage just tinkering
with Word Perfect. They were doing, you
know, the crappiest jobs that you could
possibly think of.
>> Yeah.
>> And so my my thing is I give people a a
shot, right? And I can, you know, test
their intelligence from the
conversation, see if they can keep up,
see if they have um u hunger, they have
grit, and then just bringing them along
for the ride. And then they get to
choose the path that they they take
after. Right. Yeah. And so I think that
I just I don't hire for credentials. I
don't hire for where you came from, what
you said you did. And I actually like if
you have all that stuff, I'm kind of
like rule you out immediately.
>> Suspicious.
>> It's just it's sus. Totally sus.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's talk about Drift real quick just
because. So startup number one,
Performable. Startup number two, Drift,
which again was you and and David Canel.
And I know that your experience at Drift
helped to shape the idea for agency. So,
can you just say a word about what was
Drift and what aspects of Drift kind of
gave you the insight for agency, which
you're building now?
>> I mean, I think that um uh the thing
that we learned at HubSpot was time to
value, right? It's like how long does it
take for the customer to experience the
value in the product that you're
building for them and and at HubSpot it
takes a long time. You have to build
blogs, you have to build ranking in in
SEO and Google and you have to get leads
and you have to become a brand. So it's
you're being you're you're coaching the
customer from day one to like
you know like we're in here for a
journey and and and at a low price which
is an unbelievable achievement for Hepot
to be at the revenue that it is today
right at the scale. But I would say that
uh at Drift we were kind of like
something I always kept thinking with
David and we were like how can we get
time to value and so we we were patient
in the beginning. We spent about two
years wandering through the desert
trying to figure out like what should we
work on? That was
>> Yeah, I remember it began as HR
software.
>> Oh my god. Yeah, let's not talk about
that.
God, there's a bad joke in there. So, we
were we were trying to do like glass
door. It was like a secret uh app at
that time. Remember secret? Uh people
could say like secretly like anonymously
what's going on at their company. Yeah,
>> cuz we were using we were obsessed with
team dynamics and culture at HubSpot.
>> But then we we kept pivoting and
pivoting like we would pivot like every
month. Every time Pat would stop by in
Boston to see us like so what are you
guys working on? Oh, a new Dropbox. It's
like what are you doing now? A new
Pinterest. What about now? Survey
Monkey. It's it's like literally every
month I would just tell the team that
was not a good idea. We're going to try
another one. So one, we spent two years
being super patient and finding
something we want. And the thing that I
realized is like you got to go back to
what you know. You experience compounds
and you got to just like stick with it.
And so we we we went on a huge diversion
and then came back to like closer and
closer and closer to the app, to
service, to customer, and and we were
like where we were next door to HubSpot.
So we were not going to do marketing and
we were not gonna I was not gonna build
another CRM. And they was like no. And
so we started focusing in from support
then we went in app and then we went
back to leads and and the idea was to if
you could deploy this that can
immediately start getting you more leads
without any human effort. That was a
scaling point, right? And automation,
right? So we we had a chatbot that would
be the the receptionist the the welcome
uh reception at at your on your
homepage. Instead of asking you to fill
out a form, it could ask you questions.
you can inform you, deliver you some
value, book a calendar meeting, uh route
it to the right rep and and send a
notification to the cell phone of the of
the rep and just make connections faster
and and remove the friction and and that
was fantastic, right? That worked,
right? I think that that helped us take
off. We did many things right, but the
reality uh this product was shallow,
right? in that it wasn't too deeply
penetrated because it was only solving
one basic step in the customer journey.
It only did like the first connection.
>> Yeah.
>> But the problem that aroused then after
is like everybody would be like, well, I
came back to the website. Why doesn't it
recognize? What does it pick up where it
left off? I already had this
conversation. I already explained this.
How come when I'm inside the app, it
doesn't know, you know, what I said
before, my support tickets and my
whatever, right? And so there was this
>> this dream I had of like how could we
always know everything about the
customer and how could we always apply
that information
>> in every exchange that we have should we
should know our customer, right? And so
it was a pain that we didn't have the
technology to be able to deliver that.
>> Y
>> and so uh I think that was one struggle.
The other struggle I would say was that
we
we built quickly, we built brand, we
build product, we have amazing speed to
market. Uh
but then we didn't have the ability to
scale like the you know here we always
think like well just just hire more
bodies and and just raise more money.
Don't worry about spending and just like
it it'll resolve itself out. we can
always scale it later and and I think
that that's fundamentally flawed and I
don't know if people still get that to
tell you the truth
>> in the in this age of AI. I think that
is the whole point
>> uh of AI is to prove that out but other
people are like just hire we'll worry
about it later. And I think that that
was my biggest lesson at Drift that I
always like talking to my customers. I
always like
to text me, call me. I just I'm an
extrovert and I I just thrive on that uh
on relationships and um when we got to
the point when we started having
thousands and thousands of customers at
Drift, I just could no longer talk to
them, right? I could no longer know
them. And and usually when when a CSM
calls you because it's a churn of
somebody that I might have emailed once
commonly hasn't saved this churn,
it's just too late.
>> Yeah,
>> you can't do that. I mean, I might have
a success rate of like 20% if I promise
them the world and I'm going to be there
for you. That's shallow. That's that's
hypocritical. That's that's not the
truth, you know. And so I I felt that
pain uh intimately of
what happens when you scale and what
happens when you have 800 people 600 I
keep track you know and it's just like
uh you spend more time managing the
people their promotions their growth
their on boarding their recruiting their
entertainment the town halls and I think
that just consumed us and and realized
that that took our eyes from the ball of
the customer and the product. And I
think that that's where we we we paid
the price and not being able to build a
a legendary company as we we dreamed to
to build from the beginning.
>> And and Drift, you know, Drift was
ultimately still worth more than a
billion dollars. And so, you know, your
second first startup success, you know,
joined HubSpot, second startup success
of greater magnitude. And at that point,
you know, you're you're kind of like a
walking example of the American dream.
You know, like you came to this country
with nothing and through smarts and
hustle and sheer force of will, you
know, you built these amazing things and
put your life in a totally different
position for, you know, for you and your
family. You could have ridden off into
the sunset and just like called it a
called it a career. Like why why do it
all over again?
>> Well, I did I did ride into the sunset.
I I did that for like seven months. I
think that people did, you know,
traveled the world, did all this stuff,
but it's a is it's extremely empty and
boring, I would say. Uh, but I I was I
was kite surfing in in in Tatoua,
Jericho in Brazil, you know, with some
friends.
Majestic place. This is the first time
I'm actually disconnecting. Like, this
is my first trip after I leave drift.
And I'm like, wow. I have no meetings. I
have nothing to do. And I'm just like
the whole morning we're just staring in
this like cababana just looking at this
ocean, empty beaches. It's a very remote
area in in the north uh north east of
Brazil and uh I'm like wow I need to
learn how to meditate and how to just be
one with nature. And in the afternoon we
would go kite surfing and then chachi
launches you know and I'm just like
showing everybody and explain and I
don't even know how to explain. It's
like how does he know how to answer
this? and and and and so the first day
that I'm off really mentally is the day
Chad GPT launches and I'm just like this
is the greatest moment in in in in
mankind and I'm just like [__] I got to
go back in you know it's like I I feel
like I worked all my life I always
considered myself an imposttor uh not
anymore you know that's we we've
achieved that but the thing is like all
my life I'm like I didn't go to this
school I I didn't build in the valley
I'm in Austin, this company fails. It's
only, you know, this all this stuff. And
I'm like, I didn't have enough because
of this. I didn't have this network. I
didn't know investors. I didn't know
this. I didn't know English. And now I'm
like, I I [__] know everything. It's
like I know everybody. I know I built
the systems enough to prove to millions
of users and this and that and revenue,
sales, and I'm not just going to sit
here when all these people that don't
know anything are like building AI
startups. [__] no. I'm just I'm jumping
back in. You know, it's so like uh I I
was like this is the moment. And I I
will say the the the cheesy cringy
answer to this is also as a Latino I
feel an obligation.
>> You know, it's like
most people would die to be in the
position that I that I am in right now.
and to squander going back to that day
in my house in Nicaragua with no food to
squander resources and opportunity and
just so like time earned, work earned,
you know, to just sit around and just
kite surf in Brazil, you know, or like
surf in Fiji or I just think it's a
waste. Like while I'm on this earth, I
have to do something. And then going
back to being a role model, people want
to see what what someone that looks like
you is capable of achieving. And and I'm
like, I can't sit this this one out,
right? And so that's when I like called
you and I'm like, can I come to base
camp? Can I get like reconnected, fired
up with this stuff? I think I came to AI
uh ascent
and and and that's when the moment it
was like, let's [__] go.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
>> yeah. Early 2023, I remember you came to
AI Ascent and then you started talking
with OpenAI.
>> Yes.
>> And one of the problems they were having
was they had all these enterprises whose
immediate thought was, can we deploy
this thing in a customerf facing way?
Kind of like the drift business in some
ways. And so I remember you kind of jump
back in on that and then evolve the idea
into what agency has become, which is
very different. And can you just say a
word? We we kind of backed into this
earlier. We were talking about the email
stuff, but can you just say a word like
what is agency and like what problem
does it solve for customers? Why is that
problem important? Can you just say a
few words about that?
>> Yeah, the the problem that everyone in
the world has is that they struggle to
deliver a great customer experience and
the only way that they can solve that
problem today is not with technology but
is with humans. And so humanled
deliver customer experience it's almost
an impossible thing. And so what agency
is building is AIled customer
experience. How do we truly scale uh
customer experience beyond our wildest
imaginations without needing a human in
every step of the way? Right? So that's
that's what I'm really solving for. Um
and I it kind of like came through. I
just I love life right in now that I'm
older because you can trace back all the
steps and so I gave you a whole bunch of
them but um Brazil Chad GPT AI Ascent
you introduced me to OpenAI OpenAI says
we're just like 200 people we we do not
know how to talk to all these customers
we can't tell them how to like prompt
stuff and would you help us there was a
a jump there's a there's a cohort of
companies that were like let's build
services and AI and let's start there
and so I kind of did that and build a
consultancy uh and just started
servicing all kinds of customers like
the MBA, Red Bull, crazy companies. One
of them was Glaio. Uh, you know, Andrew,
I said, "What do you need help with?"
And he's like, "I need help delivering
customer experience." You know, it's
like, "How do I help my customers
understand
um what the potential is of using Clear
View? How do we give them advice?" Which
is the job of a CSM, right? And so,
like, how can a CSM know be an expert?
Every CSM that you hire be an expert.
the the number one in the world expert
in clear view itself or in e-commerce
marketing.
>> So that's where AI comes in.
>> And when he first asked me to do this, I
said no [__] way. I don't I don't
know if that that if I could do that and
imagine like what would my company would
be bigger than yours. He's like just do
it. So he just, you know, rolls rolls
reversed, right? And he's like go do it.
Go do things. And so we we built a um a
model that understood
every customer and every one of their
interactions and understand what was
working, what was not working and be
able to classify the entire usage of
every user in the company and start
being able to deliver tailor uh advice,
right? And so and then the whole thing
started clicking for me where was like
what if I can just deliver the QBR? what
if I can just like uh do you know create
a video explaining that and saving time
to the customer and and and so then I
was like this is great like this is the
moment where like this is what I want to
solve and uh and I wasn't sure right
that that that was going to be it and
that literally that day like Brian
Holligan sends me a text like you know
he he had been uh sending me all these
messages romancing me and then this that
day is like I have an idea for you, you
know, it's like let's disrupt the world,
you know, let's let's disrupt the the
this this entire industry and I'm like
what are you talking about? It's like
it's about the people we can't scale,
you know, how do we solve this problem
and in customer experience let's do it
and uh then we called you and that's how
agency was born. You know, it's it's
just things just accelerate. you know,
>> must have been a really cool full circle
moment going from chat bots at IBM uh to
to now chat is working and and going
from, you know, you're only solving the
transactional part of the conversation
at Drift to now you want to, you know,
manage the entire customer experience.
It's incredible full circle of it.
>> Yeah. I think that a lot of people are
struggling. They're having an identity
crisis with AI of like what should I do?
What will I be replaced? And to me, I I
think
What I've learned, what I see a lot of a
lot of founders struggle with is or
people is like what's my purpose? Like
what am I going to do and and what am I
going to do that's going to last? So
what am I going to do that is big? And
so to me finding the problem of customer
experience is so soothing and
reassuring. It's like the hardest thing.
I'm not saying it's easy, but I I I just
can't think of how this will ever be
solved.
It's like whatever customer experience
we could like most customer experience
in the world sucks. Like I it's like I
would say like the best I could think of
maybe could be like a fancy hotel, you
know, like sometimes. But I don't want
to name my hotel that I stay here, but
now if I ask them to send me some
delivery or medicine or something,
they're like that'll be $4, Mr. Torres.
Like why am I paying thousands of
dollars in this room and you're charging
me $4 for delivering me like my Tylenol?
It's like and then I got this food that
you want I don't want to come down. It's
like that'll be $7, you know, and so and
this is like the great exper the
greatest experience you can get today. I
think in customer like that's where you
get pampered.
>> Yeah. Uh do you have any customers on
agency today and any favorite customer
stories
>> here? Classic Sequoia is like what's the
revenue? What's the curve?
>> Let's talk about ARR.
>> Let's talk about AR.
>> We went through your growth rate. What's
your gross margin?
>> Yeah, what's your gross margin?
Actually, we can talk about that. That
this is a [__] show. I don't know how
we're going to survive with this LLM
cost. I think it's an entire pyramid
scheme here.
>> Well, actually say a word about that.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, I I think so we have over
50 customers using the product, right?
It's I I don't give a [__] about numbers
and stuff like that. I'm building for
them. I'm solving. I'm really delighted.
I was trying to get more customers and
Brian said, "Stick with the customers
you have. Make them like so wildly
successful." And I was like,
>> you're right. I think I think that's
important is that there there are more
customers that you could go get, but
you're focused right now on just making
these 50 like deliriously happy with the
product.
>> That that's exactly where I am. Right.
And so and so back to the cost stuff. So
so we we've been working with them and
and and I have a really
it's hard going multiple times around
because this time around in the past I
would be like the minute I had something
that kind of like loaded on your browser
like I wanted to charge you, you know? I
was like, "A dollar." I was like, "Yes,
I got a dollar." This time I'm like, "I
don't want your money." It's like, I
want to know that you're obsessed and
that is so sticky and I'm going to do
everything at your company and I don't
want to make my There's so many founders
that they think that they just because
they built something that they got it
right. People are delusional. People
have $50 million in revenue and they're
delusional that that product works. You
know, this time around, I really want to
do it right. I want to build something
that people like like throwing money at
me and saying like this is really
there's nothing like it. This is this is
my journey now, right? So I want to
build something real, right? That is not
going to like just I I think most of SAS
out there that we ever built that I ever
built just created more work for the
user. I want something that takes the
work off, right? And so this I'm being
more patient, right? And maybe it hurts
me, maybe it doesn't, but I got great
found great investors like Pat and he's
not rushing me. So um sometimes but I
would say that uh what what's really
hard is
uh I'm trying to understand my number
one goal right is I want to create a
company that is a billion in revenue
with less than 100 employees right it
was one of one of the first ones saying
out there and and people were like
you're crazy you're crazy uh and and I
really mean it right mo most of my team
is engineers right and we're just
building the product because the where
most of the money and where the
headcount goes is in customer exper in
in in GTM and customer experience.
>> Yep.
>> And so I want to solve that. I want to
get that right so we can build the
companies of the future.
There's a there's a lot of lack of
creativity and we're in the most
creative company country in the world.
But what I see out there in products is
like everybody's building the same chat,
you know, uh meeting recorder, the note
summarizer and the email drafter. Right.
Well, I remember when you started
agency, one of the HubSpot, you know,
um, principles or norms has always been
when they zigg, we zag, right? And I
think when you started agency, the zigg
was all these AISDR companies.
>> And your zag was no, no, we'll let them
take the front end of the business.
We're going to deal with the back end of
the business because that's where the
pain actually is and that's where the
value is built. Um, and so I think
you've you sort of zagged when people
were zigging and I think over the last
year or so that's proven to be a good
decision. Um, but can you say a word
about like what can AI do today? What
can it not do today? And so in the
product that you've built, where is AI
like or the product itself really
nailing it? And where do you feel like
there is maybe still a capability gap in
terms of what can be done?
>> Well, I I think that if we're optimist
AI is infinitely capable
in the theoretical uh
>> in the fullness of time
>> in the fullness of time, right? But
today it's actually not that smart. And
so like you know it's like you have to
write paragraphs and paragraphs to maybe
get the right answer. 42. It's so you
know if you type the wrong word or if
you try it again it's just a different
answer. And so that's the part that
today's humans brains just can't cope
with it. And so when you're trying to
deliver experience to the customer
you're trying to figure out uh what is
it that you're exactly trying to do
right? Are you trying to just come up
with the better word to reply to the
customer or you trying to let the AI
actually do and manage the customer
experience? And so I think where where
we're struggling is that if we cannot
even trust the AI to draft your own
email that you're about to hit the
button, how much worse is going to be
for us to let the AI make decisions on
10,000 customers on a daily basis on its
own? Mhm. And
>> so we built the first part of agency,
which is what most people are trying to
do today, which is this,
you know, customer 360 foundational.
Let's bring all that information into
one place and be able to ask questions.
But what most people are not realizing
is that if you require a human to go
type into that chat box,
you're dead on arrival.
>> Everybody's so confused and even in the
valley of like building tools that are
like just helping a human do something.
I'm done with that. Like I I don't want
to do that. I I It's like It bores me to
death to type stuff into Chad GPT. I I
like I'm a CEO now. Like I'm spoiled.
I'm, you know, living my best life. I
just want to tell people what to do one
time and they do it 10,000 times. And so
that's kind of what I really want, you
know, AI to do for me.
>> It's like how can we instruct AI to do
one task infinitely?
>> And and most people are stuck like
people and don't get me started on the
word agents, right? Everybody like talks
about agents and and like okay send me a
summary after my meeting to my email who
gives a [__] like like I can always go
ask that question but it's what do I do
with it? So what I'm doing is I'm doing
the very first principles in in the in
in the companies that I'm working with
because people just keep asking me oh
can you generate me a dashboard about
the customers and and then so what
>> yeah what do you want to do with the
dashboard? do with the dashboard and say
and so, oh well, I want to click on this
and then do this.
Why can't I do that? And then what do
you want me to do that? You want me to
go after the renewals? You want me to go
tell the rep? And then what are you
going to tell the rep? Oh, I'm going to
tell them to email the customer. Why
can't I just email the customer? Right.
And so that's the journey I'm in that
I'm enjoying. But it's it's really hard.
I have to deprogram the entire business
world. Yeah.
>> Because they're used to working and
operating this way. And you know, I was
Brian had his birthday. I was I was at
his house. Uh I showed up with his
glasses and then he was like in shock.
He said then he's never seen them
before. And said then it was um one of
one of his old friends because Brian is
old. I'm old. I can say I'm I can say
anything I want now. I'm old too.
one of his old retired VCs. It's like
came like to me like an oracle and he
was saying, "Alias, my advice to you,
forget everything you've ever learned.
Forget the pattern recognition. Forget
your experience. Forget all that. That's
[__]
Just got to like try new things." And
he's like telling me to let go and not
like rely on the past because sometimes
like experienced founders, we get stuck
in that way. And it was like this
deprogramming right to just charge into
the future. And and that's my challenge
of like how do I become uh a change
agent to our customers to really believe
in in in stop worrying about the things
that we were doing before and focus on
the right thing that they can do and
they can have that one-on-one with their
customer with the top customer. But a
lot of stuff that we're doing is really
unnecessary because we just didn't have
the technology. But it's going to take a
long time for AI to be prompted into
into success of like read this
dashboard, make this concrete and do
this just even doing one of those
workflows consistently every time.
>> Yeah,
>> it it's it's going to take a lot of
prompting, but there's a lot of stuff
that you can bring change internally as
a customer experience, you know,
platform. uh we can bring things to
resolve a lot of internal um
inefficiencies but the most valuable
thing is delivering that directly to the
customer.
>> All right, last question. Let's end on a
high note. What are you most optimistic
for in our AI future?
>> I think that what I'm most optimistic is
I want people to uh be able to leverage
uh to use their agency more. You know, I
think that we have worked so hard for
all of our our our history. Uh and I
think we need to stop uh so focused on
like hard hard work and then being able
to like do what we're best at doing,
right? Which is taking initiative,
making decisions, choosing a a purpose,
choosing a customer, choosing a an
audience and go serve them, right? but
be able to leverage AI to do the work
right around us and not be afraid of it
that is really taking away our agency
because it just can't you know
>> great company name humans have agency
>> indeed awesome alias thank you so much
>> thank you for having me
>> thank you
[Music]